fix(Tetra): better Tetra naming (#490)
Geode-solutions/OpenGeode: upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Upgrading from OpenGeode v10.x.x to v11.0.0

### Motivations

XXXX

### Breaking Changes

> - **BasicObjects**: `Tetra` and related classes have been renamed in `Tetrahedron`. The header `basic_objets.h` has been remove and replaced by several files located in a `geode/geometry/basic_objects` folder.

Reviewer: + methods?

> - **BasicObjects**: `Tetra` and related classes have been renamed in `Tetrahedron`. The header `basic_objets.h` has been remove and replaced by several files located in a `geode/geometry/basic_objects` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BasicObjects**: `Tetra` and related classes have been renamed in `Tetrahedron`. The header `basic_objets.h` has been removed and replaced by several files located in the `geode/geometry/basic_objects` folder.
```
